# **LeetCode Pow(x, n)**  

## **1️⃣ Problem Understanding**  
### **📌 Intuition**  
The problem requires calculating \( x \) raised to the power of \( n \) (i.e., \( x^n \)). Given any base \( x \) and exponent \( n \), we need to return the result of the calculation. The challenge further specifies that we must do this in \( O(\log n) \) time which hints at the need for an efficient approach rather than the simple \( O(n) \) method of multiplying \( x \) repeatedly.  

This problem offers opportunities for optimization through the use of a technique called "exponentiation by squaring". This method takes advantage of the properties of exponents, leveraging the fact that:

- \( x^n = (x^{n/2})^2 \) when \( n \) is even.
- \( x^n = x \times x^{n-1} \) when \( n \) is odd.

### **🚀 Approach**  
We can recursively or iteratively apply this strategy widely:
1. If \( n \) is zero, we return 1 because any number raised to the power of zero is 1.
2. If \( n \) is negative, we convert the problem to \( \frac{1}{x^{-n}} \).
3. If \( n \) is even, we compute the intermediate result as \( half = pow(x, n/2) \) and return \( half \times half \).
4. If \( n \) is odd, we return \( x \times pow(x, n - 1) \).

Using both recursion and iteration are valid paths here, however, iterative will be used for this implementation for clarity.

### **⏱️ Complexity Analysis**  
- **Time Complexity**: O(log n) - Each operation effectively halves the exponent until we reach zero.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1) - We are using constant space, irrespective of the input size as we are modifying the power in place.  

---  

## **2️⃣ LeetCode Submission**  
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    double myPow(double x, int n) {
        if (